Statement 1
Student Number: 2760042P
Name: Amy Powell
Testimony: Wowwee, an interview? Is this for the Glasgow Guardian? Well I had a fairly quiet day yesterday. I had my physics class at 9am at the Kelvin building, then I just headed to the QMU for some lunch. Went home right after to play some minecraft on the minecraft society server for a bit, only suspicious thing I saw all day was a sneaky looking enderman, haha!

Statement 2
Student Number: 2527287T
Name: Danny Thomas
Testimony: I can’t believe it, I better start at the beginning. I started my day at 9 am sharp in the main building. I am a philosophy student so I believe it is vitally important to be on time in the morning. My class lasted two hours and by 11 am I was quite thirsty. I walked straight to the union which normally takes me about 15 minutes. I got a coffee and decided to stay and study for a couple of hours. I find it easier to study in the union rather than in halls. I also enjoy listening to the bands practising. Anyway, by about 4 o’clock I had done enough and needed a long walk to let my brain recover. So I headed to Kelvingrove park and did my normal loop. A couple hours into my walk I realised that I had left my yoga mat in the Boyd Orr. So I made a quick detour before going home to grab it. I can’t have been in much longer than five minutes. I promise I did not see any suspicious behaviour. 

Statement 3
Student Number: 2813225b
Name: Stuart Wands
Testimony: Sorry I’m slightly hungover here but uhhh… I can give my best shot at describing yesterday! Made it into my 10am lecture at the Boydy, and managed to stay awake throughout it. After that I headed to Tesco to grab a very bland meal deal: just ham, water to drink and ready salted crisps. I went to the park to have my lunch and then went to study in the St Andrews Building to start some coursework- which is a very underrated place by the way. With all that done, I was ready to actually reward myself so me and the boys made it into HIVE! From there…. I’m completely lost with recollection, but it seemed like a fairly normal Thursday for me!

Statement 4
Student Number: 2730211T
Name: Chloe Tyler
Testimony: Heyhey. Yeah of course I can help! Well first off I do what I do most days and headed to KG skate park just to calm myself down because I had an assignment creeping up on me. Almost forgot I had a lecture at 10, but made it to the Boyd Orr just on time! Went to the library to complete the aforementioned assignment… then one or two pints of fun to round things up at the end of the day. 

Statement 5
Student Number: 2470481H
Name: Marc Harrison
Testimony: Of course I would be able to help you! Let me see…. Ah yeah I got into uni too early for my lecture, so kicked around the James Watt Building until my lecture started at 11 until 1. Needed a bit of a brain massage after that, so I headed to the QMU to just unwind for a bit, grabbed some food there too for dinner. After that, uhhh… headed to the library to speedrun some coursework before HIVE opened, then ended my night there! Didn’t see anything suspicious all day, but I’ll keep my eyes open!

Statement 6
Student Number: 2477517J
Name: Gerald Jones
Testimony: Burrrrrn, burrrrrrn! HAHAHAHAHAH! Oh sorry, can’t talk! I’m raiding a village right now! What do you mean? On clash of clans! BURRRN! Oh… well this seems like an unfortunate time for you to approach me for a statement of this nature. Damn… well I’m on the committee for the clash of clans society, if that makes me look a bit more… normal? So yesterday, went for a morning stroll to Kelvingrove before my lecture in the medicine building. Nipped home to watch some Godson Gaming. Then came into the Boyd Orr for a Clash Of Clans social. Then I went to the library until midnight, just watching back some lecture recordings from last week. Good stuff!

Statement 6
Student Number: 2522391J
Name: Lee James
Testimony: Sure let me try and recall I had a busy day. I got to the St Andrews building at about quarter to eleven. I wanted to try and get an hour of study in before my lecture at one pm. Life of a Medical student is pretty full on so I need to try and use my time as efficiently as possible. Just before lunch I went for a lunch break and decided to walk around Kelvingrove park. I left the park at about half twelve to make sure that I made it to my lecture on time in the Wolfson. The lecture lasted two hours. I went home to cook dinner and settle down for the evening but then I realised I had forgotten my skateboard at the Wolfson. I headed back just before 5 and couldn't have been in more than about two minutes. It was there thank god! After dinner, I met up with the soup-tasting gang at the union. I know it’s a strange society but I just absolutely love soup. I was pretty full after dinner so I only stayed out with them for about 25 minutes. I then skated home and called it a day.

Statement 8
Student Number: 2878087C
Name: Danielle Cox
Testimony: Jeeze I had an awful day yesterday! Well… it was almost a disaster. Things started fine with a lecture at the Kelvin Building, was pretty stale but got through okay. Spent a wee half hour in the Sir Alwyn Williams building just to say hi to a pal, then went to bagel mania for some lunch! Decided to end my uni day at the library, so headed there but someone stole my usual spot! Left early and was heading out to town later, so got ready and had pres at my friends. We walked through kelvingrove park but when we got to town i realised i had dropped my purse somewhere which had my passport in it for ID! Headed back to the park to have a look for it, and luckily found it by the swings which distracted us on our first walk through! Was shattered and angry by this point though, so straight to bed.  

Statement 9 
Student Number: 2656431B
Name: Oscar Brown
Testimony: Why would you ask me? There’s plenty of other folk walking by so why have you singled me out? I certainly didn’t do it. <Oscar then stormed off furiously>

Statement 10
Student Number: 2547270B
Name: Katie Bell
Testimony: Of course I would love to help! My day started with a small half hour run through kelvin grove, which I try do twice a week! Nipped home for a quick shower, then rushed off to my lecture at 10am in the Adam Smith Building. From there, just had a wee sit on a bench in the main building and tried to do a wee sketch of the cloisters because it was such a lovely day. I’m part of this great basketball type initiative called ‘Rising Stars’ and met up with some of the folk from there just before 5pm at the GUU for a few hours before heading home! 

Statement 11
Student Number: 2525914R
Name: Barry Robinson
Testimony: I really don’t feel like it’s a requirement for me to provide to you my personal information! There is no need, I am certainly not telling you specifics. Well… In no order I was at the Sir Alwyn Williams Building, the GUU, Main building and the Adam Smith building. Good luck solving this, but I am certainly not entitled to give you my personal GPS data. 

Statement 12
Student Number: 2774868P
Student Name: Alice Patterson
Testimony: My day started with my Engineering lecture. Then I headed to The St Andrews building for a while before finishing up in the library. A pretty normal day for me! 

Statement 13
Student Number: 2523112J
Name: Beth Jones
Testimony: My day? Slay! Say less. What a mess ughh where do I start. Met with this guy I have been talking to… Russell at like half 10ish for some ealy drinks before my medicine lecture at 1. I was trying to get him to come with me to some Big Band Society event that was happening that night at the QMU because thought it would be fun, and he promised he would. After the lecture I went to the park just to relax because it was a nice day and I like the fresh air after a fairly grim lecture. Went to the QMU for this event but Russell texted me saying he wasn’t coming so I got really mad at him and we had a bit of an argument. Left the union to go meet Olivia at the park at around 10pm, and we just sat on the swings talking about life until like 2 in the morning. Feel better today, never speaking to that boy again.

Statement 14
Student Number: 2546112P
Name: Eric Parkin
Testimony: Ah yes, yesterday? Well I got up as I normally do, ready for a fresh new day as a pharmacy student at University of Glasgow. Decided to go for an early morning stroll at around 7ish to kelvingrove, I just like to sit on the benches alone and read the chronicles of narnia as I reflect on my pharmacy course. I do love studying pharmacy here! After my stroll I decided I needed a bit of a chill day, so I just headed to the QMU for some food, and then the GUU to compare the food. Then to mix it up a bit I stopped thinking about pharmacy and instead thought about philosophy.  by attending a committee meeting for the philosophy society that I’ve been in for yearssssssss. After that, I just went to the main building and sat on a bench and thought about pharmacy some more. Shame the course isn’t more popular here, but yeah that’s what I study!

Statement 15
Student Number: 2425599J
Name: Angela Jones
Testimony: Ugh don’t even talk to me, I don’t have time to talk, vet med is so time consuming and i’m in my last year! They want to launch WHAT in the boyd orr?? Oh my, well I’m certainly innocent. My day started at my vet met lecture at 10am in the main building. We don’t really have any lectures anymore in 5th year, but it was like a whole year group industry standards thing. From there I went to the park to watch the dogs run around, then briefly went to the QMU. I did go to the Boyd Orr yesterday, but I promise it wasn’t for anything suspicious I was just working in a computer lab until half 7. It had been a long day, so I decided to kick my feet up at the GUU for a bit. Was tempted to go to Hive but I was shattered!

Statement 16
Student Number: 2446198D
Name: Russell Dixon
Testimony: I spent most of the day watching bad films in preparation for an upcoming bad movie society meetup. Then I went to my maths lecture and went back home to watch more terrible films! It was a brilliant day, 10/10. Sorry I can’t be of use in your investigation.

Statement 17
Student Number: 2595487S
Name: Martin Smith
Testimony: You really wanna hear about my day? It really wasn’t anything exciting. I went to the St Andrews Building for my lecture in the morning, then uhh.. The one with the stupid floor numbers? Adam smith, yeah! Pretty much there all afternoon. Went for dinner about 6ish to Nandos, then straight back to the boyd orr building for the weekly Acapella Society event. Then just went to the library until just after midnight but really didn’t get much done. What was this for again?

Statement 18
Student Number: 2820311J
Name: Pamela Jones
Testimony: Oh my goodness, a plot to take out the Boyd Orr?? I hope you don’t think I’m a suspect this is the first time I have heard about this! I was at the main building at for my lecture around lunchtime, then… oh no, I was in the Boyd Orr all afternoon yesterday! I didn’t notice anything odd, it seemed quite quiet in the lab I was in. Then I headed home and had a power nap, then felt guilty so dragged myself back to campus and went to the library. Did I miss anything? Hmm, nah think that was it!

Statement 19
Student Number: 2712324G
Name: Jonny Craig
Testimony: Yesterday? I won’t lie, It was pretty hectic, so I apologise if I miss a few things. In the morning I went to the library, followed by my 1 hour chemistry lecture, then I headed back to the library for a bit more studying. Then I headed to the Adam Smith to close up a group project, and then headed to the Glasgow University Union to blow off some steam. Because I carried the group project my mate bought me a pint of fun to say thanks so no complaints there! Why are you guys asking me anyway?

Statement 20
Student Number: 2470551P
Name: Melanie Patterson
Testimony: The whole day… Well alright. I'm quite tired so I may struggle, because I was out at some Italian Society event and… after being out in town, I headed to the park with a friend that was also in the society. It was a nice night so we just kinda relaxed on the swings, but then I was shattered and headed home before he did and had about 2 hours of sleep before making it to my lecture at the Boyd Orr… which also provided as a great place to nap. Grabbed a coffee to try keep me going, and went back to the Boyd Orr at like half 1 for around an hour, but it didn’t work and I decided to head back home and sleep some more. Woke up feeling super guilty about my lack of productivity, but went to the library for a late night study session before heading back home again. I know this looks like a jittery day…. But I’m telling the truth!

Statement 21
Student Number: 2611516B
Name: Carolyn Bond
Testimony: Sure anything to help out with the investigation. My lecture started at 9 am in the St Andrews building. It was about the works of William Wordsworth and lasted an entire three long hours. I was exhausted after class so headed to the Wolfson cafe for a coffee and a cake. It’s truly the best cafe on campus. You need to try it out at some point! Anyway, I had a break before a team meeting I had to go to at the Adam Smith, so I went home to prepare some content for the Whovian society. I kind of got carried away watching doctor who so I was slightly late for my meeting. I think I was about twenty minutes late. Anyway, the lecture only lasted an hour so I was out at five o'clock. I then went home and unpaused my episode of doctor who. 

Statement 22
Student Number: 2786843M
Name: Abdul Murphy
Testimony: A fire is pretty serious business, so even though I don’t like authority or sharing my precious data you can get a pass today. I went to the St Andrews building for my lecture; I chilled in the Wolfson Medical building with some of my medic friends; then last I nipped to the Sir Alwyn Williams Building before ending the day in the Queen Margaret Union.

Statement 23
Student Number: 2797619M
Name: Russell Matthews
Testimony: Not going to lie, I did not have an amazing day yesterday. Had my physics lecture at 9am. I miss it being like last year where I could just watch the lectures in bed, so not going to lie I was gubbed. Met my friend Beth at the Glasgow University Union some point before 11, and this is where the day kinda went downhill because she really wanted me to come to an event and I just wasn’t feeling it because I already had a plan with some other guys to go to HIVE. She stormed off, but we met back up again briefly at the park and just tried to speak it out. She still tried to get me to go to QMU, but I went to the GUU instead but she kept spamming my phone so I just called it an early night and went home before 10pm. 

 Statement 24
Student Number: 2733956H
Name: Jill Hill
Testimony: Yeah well…. I had a bit of a quiet one not gonna lie. Slept in all morning because I was out the night before and my only lecture was after lunch. Had a wee break at the union for half an hour to grab a subway, and then just went to the library which was meant to be a late night grind but I didn’t even make it to 7pm…. Whoopsies. 

Statement 25
Student Number: 2795502Y
Name: Shaun Yates
Testimony: I was late for class this morning. You see I am in the Minecraft society and sometimes we forget about the time on our get-togethers. I was up all night preparing full diamond armour to take on the Ender Dragon. I got to my chemistry lecture at ten am. There’s no rest for the wicked and I was straight off to a tutorial in the Boyd Orr building afterward. Those computer science students are weird. The tutorial covered a lot of coding-related stuff. I am more into maths so I found it dull. It went on until twenty to four and I was massively relieved to be going home. I walked home then booted up my gaming PC and went straight onto the server. We were going to beat Minecraft that night so I wanted to be prepared. At half eleven I went for a long walk to Kelvingrove park to sike myself up. I knew it was going to be a tricky battle against the dragon. I got back in at about twenty past three in the morning and I was ready. But… we lost after I blew up destroying an end crystal.
